feat: add EVM option to quickstart & 101 (#359)
matter-labs/zksync-docs: content/00.zksync-era/10.guides/20.zksync-101/_hello/_era-vm.md

---
title: EraVM - Hello ZKsync
---

:display_partial{path="/_partials/101/hello/_campaign"}

Run the compile script from your project in the terminal:

:display_partial{path="/_partials/commands/_compile"}

Upon successful compilation, you'll receive output detailing the
`zksolc` and `solc` versions used during compiling and the number
of Solidity files compiled.

```bash

> Compiling contracts for ZKsync Era with zksolc v1.4.1 and solc v0.8.17

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compiling contracts for ZKsync Era with zksolc v1.5.13 and solc v0.8.17
```
